# scrapper

Run with data refresh:
mvn spring-boot:run -Drun.profiles=data-refresh

Run without data refresh:
mvn spring-boot:run

Enpooint Request:
http://localhost:8080/nhs-scrapper/choice?q=How to treat zika virus

Endpoint response:
{
  "response": {
    "Introduction": {
      "Zika virus and blood donation": "As a precaution, the NHS Blood and Transplant service has recommended that people who have travelled to areas with active Zika virus transmission wait 28 days before donating blood. If you want to know whether any recent foreign travel temporarily bars you from giving blood, you can call their National Contact Centre on 0300 123 23 23. ",
      "Reducing your risk of Zika virus infection ": "Before travelling, seek travel health advice from your GP/practice nurse or a travel clinic ideally four to six weeks before you go. You can use this A to Z guide to check if the country you are visiting has a high, moderate or low risk for Zika virus transmission. Detailed travel health advice for your destination is also available from the TravelHealthPro website or the Scottish travel health service fitfortravel. To reduce your risk of infection, you should avoid being bitten by an Aedes mosquito. The most effective bite prevention methods, which should be used during daytime and night-time hours, include: Using insect repellent that contains DEET (N, N-diethyl-meta-toluamide) on exposed skin, after sunscreen has been applied. DEET can be used by pregnant or breastfeeding women in concentrations up to 50%, and in infants and children older than two months. It should not be used on babies younger than two months. Wearing loose clothing that covers your arms and legs. Sleeping under a mosquito net in areas where malaria is also a risk. ",
      "Introduction ": "Zika virus disease is mainly spread by mosquitoes. For most people it is a very mild infection and isn't harmful. However, it may be more serious for pregnant women, as there's evidence it causes birth defects – in particular, abnormally small heads (microcephaly). Zika does not naturally occur in the UK. Zika outbreaks have been reported in the Pacific region, and the virus has now spread to South and Central America, the Caribbean and South East Asia. If you plan to travel to an affected area, seek travel health advice before your trip. Travel advice is tailored to you and based on the level of risk (high, moderate, low, very low) for the country you're travelling to. It is recommended that pregnant women should: postpone non-essential travel to areas at high risk of Zika virus transmission, and consider postponing non-essential travel to areas at moderate risk of Zika virus transmission until after pregnancy High-risk areas are where cases of Zika virus disease have been acquired locally, through mosquito bites, and reported by health authorities within the last three months. If you travel to an affected area, you can reduce your risk of catching the virus by using insect repellent and wearing loose clothing that covers your arms and legs. Read on to find out: Symptoms of Zika virus infection How you catch Zika virus infection Reducing your risk of Zika virus infection Advice for pregnant women If you are trying to get pregnant How Zika virus infection is treated Zika virus and blood donation  Zika virus and Guillain-Barré syndrome Information about you Further reading  ",
      "Zika virus and Guillain-Barré syndrome": "Scientists now believe that Zika virus is a cause of Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS), a serious condition of the nervous system. The risk of developing GBS following a Zika virus infection is currently unknown, but thought to be very low.  ",
      "How Zika virus infection is treated": "There is no specific treatment for Zika virus symptoms. Drinking plenty of water and taking paracetamol may help relieve symptoms. If you feel unwell after returning from a country that has malaria as well as active transmission of Zika virus, you should seek urgent (same day) advice to help rule out a malaria diagnosis. If you remain unwell and malaria has been shown not to be the cause, seek medical advice. Speak to your midwife or doctor for advice. If you are still concerned after receiving assurances from your healthcare professional and feel anxious or stressed more than usual, you can ask your GP or midwife for referral to further counselling.  ",
      "How you catch Zika virus infection": "Most cases of Zika virus disease are spread by infected mosquitoes biting humans. Unlike the mosquitoes that spread malaria, affected mosquitoes (the Aedes mosquito) are most active during the day, especially during mid-morning, then late-afternoon to dusk. There have been a small number of reports of Zika virus being passed on through sexual intercourse, although the risk is thought to be low. ",
      "Symptoms of Zika virus infection": "Most people don't have any symptoms. If symptoms do occur, they are usually mild and last around two to seven days. Commonly reported symptoms include: rash itching all over the body fever headache joint pain (with possible swelling, mainly in the smaller joints of the hands and feet) muscle pain conjunctivitis (red eyes) lower back pain pain behind the eyes ",
      "Further reading": "Public Health England. Zika virus: clinical and travel guidance. Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. Q&As on Zika and pregnancy. World Health Organization. Zika virus fact sheet. Travel Health Pro. Zika virus – update and advice for travellers including pregnant women. Best use of medicines in pregnancy. Zika virus. Page last reviewed: 12/02/2016 Next review due: 01/02/2019 ",
      "Advice for women trying to get pregnant": "If you are trying to get pregnant, discuss your travel plans with your GP, practice nurse or travel clinic. You should take extra care to avoid being bitten by mosquitoes. It is recommended that you avoid becoming pregnant while travelling to an area with high or moderate risk of Zika virus transmission, and for eight weeks after you return home. It is also recommended that you take folic acid supplements for 28 days before trying to get pregnant. If you have experienced Zika symptoms within two weeks of returning home, it is recommended that you wait eight weeks after full recovery before you try to get pregnant. If your partner has travelled to an area with high or moderate risk of Zika virus transmission, you should use effective contraception to prevent pregnancy and condoms during vaginal, anal and oral sex to reduce the risk of sexual transmission. These measures should be taken during travel and for six months: after start of symptoms (if he does experience Zika symptoms or a Zika virus infection has been confirmed by a doctor) following his return home (if he has no Zika symptoms) Detailed advice on preventing infection by sexual transmission is available from Public Health England. ",
      "Information about you": "If you have been infected with Zika virus, your clinical team will pass information about you on to the National Congenital Anomaly and Rare Diseases Registration Service (NCARDRS). This helps scientists look for better ways to prevent and treat this condition. You can opt out of the register at any time. Find out more about the register. ",
      "URL": "/conditions/zika-virus",
      "Advice for pregnant women ": "Scientists believe that there is enough evidence to show that Zika virus infection is a cause of birth defects, including microcephaly (this means the baby will have an abnormally small head and can be associated with abnormal brain development). This is also known as congenital Zika syndrome. It is therefore recommended that pregnant women should: postpone non-essential travel to areas at high risk of Zika virus transmission, and consider postponing non-essential travel to areas at moderate risk of Zika virus transmission until after pregnancy Discuss your travel plans with your GP, practice nurse or a travel clinic. If travel is unavoidable, then you should take extra care to avoid being bitten by mosquitoes. If you and your partner are currently in an area with high or moderate risk of Zika virus transmission, make sure you use condoms during vaginal, anal and oral sex while travelling and for the duration of your pregnancy. If you are pregnant and have recently returned from an area with active Zika virus transmission, see your GP or midwife and mention where you have been, even if you have not been unwell. Your midwife or hospital doctor will discuss the risk with you and can arrange an ultrasound scan of your baby to monitor growth. If there are any issues, you will be referred to a specialist foetal medicine service for further monitoring. Zika virus is most likely to be detected by currently available tests when symptoms are present. If you are currently experiencing Zika symptoms, contact your GP, who will decide whether investigations are necessary. Investigations might include a blood test and/or an ultrasound test if you are pregnant. "
    },
    "Title": "Zika virus"
  },
  "query": "How to treat zika virus"
}
